=head1 NAME

CHANGES

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Changes between SVN::Web versions.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=head2 0.45, released Mar 8, 2006

=over

=item

Fixed a bug that broke mod_perl support.

=back

=head2 0.44, released Mar 8, 2006

=over

=item

When browsing the repository the F<trac> templates now include age
of the file, expressed as {seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks,
months, years} since the file was last modified.

=item

The C<revision>, C<log>, C<view>, and C<rss> actions are much more 
conservative with memory when processing commits that changed a large 
number of files.  Fixes rt#17359, reported by Dietrich Streifert
<dietrich.streifert@visionet.de>.

=item

Included support for running under mod_perl2 as well as mod_perl1.  Fixes
rt#17085 and rt#17350.  Based on a patch from Garrison Hoffman
<garrison@codefix.net>.

=item

Fixed a bug when running under mod_perl -- the HTTP headers were not
being sent.  Some browsers could cope with this, others just displayed
the raw HTML.  Reported by Dominic Mitchell <dom@happygiraffe.net>.

=item

Entering a revision number that does not exist will now generate a
localised error message.  Fixes rt#17822, reported by 
<gk5885@kickstyle.net>

=item

The L<SVN::Web::Revision> action will now not show diffs between
file revisions if either revision of the file has a non-text MIME type.
Fixes rt#17625, reported by Mike Ellery <mikee@s2technologies.com>.

=item

Fixed some bugs in C<svnweb-server>.  Option parsing works properly,
fixing rt#17347 (reported by <miyagawa@cpan.org>) and the
C<--net-server> option is now honoured.

=item

C<svnweb-install> should now work if any directories in the install path
contain regexp metacharacters in the filename.  Fixes rt#17282, reported by
<CORION@cpan.org>.  It also emits warnings if copying files or making
directories during the install process fails, fixing rt#17283.

=back

=head2 0.43, released Jan 25, 2006

=over

=item

Fix a syntax error in the config file generated by svnweb-install.

=item

Fix the instructions and code for running under mod_perl.

=item

When viewing an HTML diff, include a link to the plain text equivalent.

=item

Showing diffs when viewing a revision is now optional, but defaults to on.

=item

Require Exception::Class 1.22 or above.  Versions below lack the necessary
C<caught()> syntax.

=item

Improve the installation and configuration documentation.

=item

Include C<svnweb-server>, a simple web server to make it easier for people
to get started with SVN::Web.

=back

=head2 0.42, released Dec 16, 2005

=over

=item

Throw exceptions instead of die()ing on almost all errors.  Catch the
exceptions and generate much friendlier error messages.  Error messages
are now easy to localise.

=item

When viewing a diff, the I<trac> templates show the two revision numbers
being compared, and include a link allowing the user to reverse the order
of the diff.

=item

The syntax for specifying permitted actions, and the classes that implement
them, has changed.  See L<UPDATING> for more information.  This mechanism
also allows for easy configuration of per-action options.

=item

A (partial) French localisation has been supplied by Cyril Brulebois.

=item

Any C<svn:externals> properties that are set on a directory are now shown
when browsing that directory.

=item

When viewing a file's revision log, you can now select two arbitrary
revisions and get a diff showing the changes between those revisions.
Fixes rt#15813.

=item

If you only have one repository configured then the C<list> action can be
configured to immediately redirect to browsing that repository, saving the
user from having to click through an intermediate page.  See L<SVN::Web::List>
for more information.

=back

=head2 0.41, released Nov 4, 2005

=over

=item

Introduce a [% base_uri %] variable so templates can refer to files
relative to the directory that C<svnweb-install> was run in.  Fix a
hardcoded reference to my home directory in a template.

=item

Update some of the packaging files, which were out of date.

=back

=head2 0.40, released Nov 4, 2005

=over

=item

Maintainership handed from Chia-ling Kao to Nik Clayton.

=item

Overhauled the templates, so the out-of-the-box experience is much
nicer.

=item

Add a C<view> action that shows the contents of a file, along with
the most recent log message.

=item

More customisation options, making it easier to add or remove actions 
from the list of things that SVN::Web is allowed to do.

=item

Added huge swathes of information to the documentation.  It should now 
be much easier for anyone else to contribute code and/or templates to 
SVN::Web.

=item

A fix for rt#12431.  URLs without trailing slashes are fixed.

=item

A mechanism to 'stack' Template Toolkit filters. You can easily run 
log messages through an arbitrary number of filters, without causing 
problems if one or more of the filters is not installed.

=item

Inline display of some content from the repository where appropriate 
(e.g., viewing an image works properly).

=item

Fixed a bug that meant the results from the automated tests weren't 
valid. Fixed the bugs that this uncovered.

=item

Added tests to ensure that the generated HTML is valid.

=back

=head2 0.39

Never released.

=head2 0.38, released Nov 21, 2004

=over

=item

Fix pool mess causing apache to segfault under mod_perl.

=item

Add limit option to log.

=back

=head2 0.37, released Jun 3, 2004

=over

=item

Templates are now css friendly. [Autrijus]

=item

heavy branch detection no longer default.

=back

=head2 0.36, released Nov 24, 2003

=over

=item

Make mod_perl 1 work.

=item

I18n support from Autrijus.

=item

Repository list action from DROLSKY

=item

Fix poor pool usage for branch init.

=back

=head2 0.35, released Nov 19, 2003

=over

=item

Fix RSS links to revisions under mod_perl.

=item

Misc fixes and API catch-up.

=back

=head2 0.30, released Aug 27, 2003

=over

=item

Fix - Escape log message properly.

=item

Add log message when describing a revision.

=item

Sort the entries in browsing.

=item

Adjust pool usage for opened repos so it's easier for modperl to work

=item 

Add mod_perl support.

=back

=head2 0.2, released Aug 26, 2003

=over

=item

Add path navigation support.

=item

Add file diff support.

=item

Add RSS support for tracking changes.

=item

Add mime-type support for checkout and browse.

=item

Add branch info support in directory browsing.

=item

Add branchpoint info in log mode.

=item

Update document.

=back

=head2 0.11, released Aug 25, 2003

=over

=item

Fix - Missing '/' in path in links.

=back

=head2 0.1, released Aug 25, 2003

=over

=item

Initial release.

=back
