=head1 NAME

UPDATING

=head1 SYNOPSIS

Notes on updating from previous versions of SVN::Web

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=head2 0.44 to 0.45

This was solely a bug fix release, with no changes to the templates,
localisation, or configuration files.

=head2 0.43 to 0.44

If you have not modified the supplied templates and localisation files
the update can be carried out by:

=over 4

=item 1.

Backing up your existing F<config.yaml> file.

=item 2.

Removing all the files in your current C<svnweb> directory.

=item 3.

Running C<svnweb-install> from this distribution.  This will copy the new
templates and localisation files, as well as creating a new F<config.yaml>.

=item 4.

Restoring the F<config.yaml> that you backed up in step 1.

=back

If you have made local modifications then the following information should
help you merge the changes in this version in to your modified files.

=over 4

=item

The F<trac/log> template has been changed to remove some output from
comments.  Although this output was never seen, generating it used CPU
and memory.  This was especially apparent on changes that affected
many files.  Using the new F<trac/log> template (or merging the change
in by hand) will speed up log browsing.

The diff for these changes is at
L<http://jc.ngo.org.uk/svnweb/jc/revision/?rev=793>.

=item

F<I18N/en.po> has been updated with a new error message when an invalid
revision number is specified.

The diff for these changes is at
L<http://jc.ngo.org.uk/svnweb/jc/diff/nik/CPAN/SVN-Web/trunk/lib/SVN/Web/I18N/en.po?revs=794&revs=788>.

=item

F<I18N/en.po> and F<trac/browse> have been updated to show a file's age,
relative to the last commit that affected it.

The diffs for these changes are at L<http://jc.ngo.org.uk/svnweb/jc/diff/nik/CPAN/SVN-Web/trunk/lib/SVN/Web/I18N/en.po?revs=788&revs=719>
and L<http://jc.ngo.org.uk/svnweb/jc/diff/nik/CPAN/SVN-Web/trunk/lib/SVN/Web/Template/trac/browse?revs=788&revs=553>.

=back

=head2 0.42 to 0.43

=over 4

=item

The F<en.po> localisation file and F<diff> template have been changed to
support viewing plain text diffs.  Either copy the supplied files over
your copies, or merge the changes in by hand if you are using your own
templates.

The diff for these changes is at
L<http://jc.ngo.org.uk/svnweb/jc/revision/?rev=719>.

=item

L<SVN::Web::Revision> has a new option controlling whether or not diffs
are shown when viewing a revision.  To support it the F<revision> template
has changed.  Either copy the supplied template over your copy, or merge
the changes by hand if you are using your own template.

The diff for this change is at
L<http://jc.ngo.org.uk/svnweb/jc/revision?rev=721>.

=item

The templates F<trac/trac.css> and F<trac/code.css> have been changed
to remove references to images that are not shipped in this distribution.
This will stop web browsers requesting them, and keeps C<svnweb-server>
quiet.  It's not essential that you update your copies accordingly, but
it doesn't hurt either.

The diff for this change is at
L<http://jc.ngo.org.uk/svnweb/jc/revision?rev=764>.

=back

=head2 0.41 to 0.42

=over 4

=item

The format for specifying actions in the configuration file has changed.
In addition, there are no longer any default actions -- any actions not
specified in the configuration file will be ignored.

To retain existing functionality you must ensure that the following
appears in F<config.yaml>.

  actions:
    browse:
      class: SVN::Web::Browse
    checkout:
      class: SVN::Web::Checkout
    diff:
      class: SVN::Web::Diff
    list:
      class: SVN::Web::List
    log:
      class: SVN::Web::Log
    revision:
      class: SVN::Web::Revision
    rss:
      class: SVN::Web::RSS
    view:
      class: SVN::Web::View

=item

There have been several changes to the F<trac> templates.  If you have made
any local modifications then you will need to merge your changes in to the
new templates.

=item

Use of the C<templatedir> configuration directive is now deprecated.  You
should use C<templatedirs> instead.  This is to support third party actions
that supply their own templates in different directories.

C<templatedir> in the configuration file will continue to work, but you
should change existing entries of the form:

  templatedir: '/path/to/directory'

to this form:

  templatedirs:
    - '/path/to/directory'

A configuration file that specifies both C<templatedir> and C<templatedirs>
will generate an exception when anyone browses the repository.

=back

=head2 0.40 to 0.41

After installing the new module you should copy
F<lib/Templates/trac/header> to F<< <dir>/template/trac/header >>, where
F<< <dir> >> is the directory in which you ran C<svnweb-install>.

=head2 Anything < 0.40 to 0.40

The 0.40 release includes sweeping changes to the templates, as well
as additional functionality and configuration directives.  See F<CHANGES>
for details.

The simplest approach is to backup your existing F<config.yaml> and then
re-run C<svnweb-install>.  This will generate a new F<config.yaml> and
copy over the new templates and other files.

It should be easy to migrate your old configuration directives to the new
configuration file.
